sup YouTube blue mussel take a picture
on my bike actually what I'm doing is a
video on how to put this thing on 0
better double bubble shield my ninja 250
this is a bag that it came in so I'm
doing that right QuickBase i'm just
going to show you how to do it that's
nobody showed me on the internet i had
to find out on a farm or whatever but
basically is just going to take out that
one that one these four screws right
here i don't know what the previous
owner had this i don't know what that is
i figure that out it looks like pigs or
something I guess he built them but I'm
i ordered this and some more on
fasteners once you unscrew it i know you
have to UM keep a hold on to these
garments or i call them with gamuts
because that's what you say every time
you try to take them off as damn it but
i order some new fasteners from zero
gravity someone just take these off
totally but straight has done but walk
over here my show you something
so quick will do to bike 250 start out
small and I'm keep about a year or so
then I move up to a ZX six or nine or
something like that look at the mustard
decals on it to cover up some of the fan
right there where I'm tard you had it
before me dropped it I guess but also he
put a Yamaha f6 muffler on it it sound
too bad but I'll take them off and do a
comparison them over and show you
everything alright peace alright I'm
back YouTube got shield off side by side
comparison to use the toaster and sir
love me some pancakes but anyway this is
on the factory shell you see the little
sleep and when I was riding the wind was
hitting me straight in his chest it was
kind of knowing how to tuck him really
low to get under that win this is the
double bubble zero gravity one as you
can see it has a much wider arc ten it
looks cool so put that on as you can see
they both got on the buff about the same
size at the river tilter everybody place
to shoot video I'm like number with this
so ask the government but as you can see
right there look at it the holes line up
so it is the right size so that's good
just comparison on the top part
see there it's like almost a little bit
bigger we'll see i'll put it on and
start some riding and check it out but
alright be back with the other half
later i'm back then it is finished looks
nice it's pretty easy and took about 5
10 minutes one of the most simple mods
you'll probably do to your bike but all
it took was this
some pliers for those we'll put that
down after it I'll take this allen
wrench in regular ones with stock ones
were just a four and it's just these
four right here one two three four and
you slide it out slide it back in put
these fasteners right here on the bottom
and screw it in simple as that
directions come with the with the
oh that was down house one out the hit
that was
the hell is that
I guess this spacing in between the
lights and notice that before
interesting but um that's it looks nice
next project is rear seat cowl and
probably some LED lights or LED lights
and rested cal not sure but if never
anybody's never get into motorcycles
they are fun fun fun just ride safe be
careful don't ride past your limit man
you love them but most loved